docs: comparison with EVM (#101)
nervosnetwork/godwoken-polyjuice: docs/EVM-compatible.md

> ## Comarison with EVM

Author: ```suggestion
## Comparison with EVM
```

Note in Ethereum, one can also send some ETH to a smart contract for certain behavior. In Polyjuice, this feature is also performed by sending pETH.

## Account Abstraction

Polyjuice only provides [contract accounts](https://ethereum.org/en/glossary/#contract-account). Godwoken's user accounts are leveraged to act as [EoAs](https://ethereum.org/en/glossary/#eoa).

### Different Address Type

* All eth_address(EoA/contract) format are `short_godwoken_account_script_hash`, which is the 20 bytes prefix of Godwoken account script hash
* Creating a contract account returns `short_godwoken_account_script_hash`

When you pass some [address-type](https://docs.soliditylang.org/en/v0.8.9/types.html#address) parameters to call smart-contract, the `address` converting must be done first, vice versa for the return `address` value. [Polyjuice-Provider](https://github.com/nervosnetwork/polyjuice-provider) has been designed to handle these conversion tasks. It converts `address` type converting according to your contract's ABI.

## Transaction Structure

> A Polyjuice transaction is essentially just a godwoken transaction, since Polyjuice is the main [backend of Godwoken](https://github.com/nervosnetwork/godwoken/blob/master/docs/life_of_a_godwoken_transaction.md#backend) for state computation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Polyjuice transaction is essentially just a godwoken transaction.
```

> When you send an ethereum transaction to Godwoken-Polyjuice, the data structure of this very transaction needs to be converted to godwoken [RawL2Transaction](https://github.com/nervosnetwork/godwoken/blob/9a3d92/crates/types/schemas/godwoken.mol#L56-L61) type. Also [Polyjuice-Provider](https://github.com/nervosnetwork/polyjuice-provider) has been designed to handle it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you send an ethereum transaction, the transaction is converted to godwoken [RawL2Transaction](https://github.com/nervosnetwork/godwoken/blob/9a3d92/crates/types/schemas/godwoken.mol#L56-L61) type which is automatically handled by [Polyjuice-Provider](https://github.com/nervosnetwork/polyjuice-provider).
```
